# The big chaos
Here are all the different versions and tries of things I've done for the thesis. Not all of it is good, most of it isn't, in fact. However, I think it's nice to have an overview of all that's happened so far. It nicely captures the despair and happiness throughout the process. A couple of files are worth the time I think. I'll list them for you.
- [Math thesis]({% link _posts/2024-03-06-math-thesis.md %}) and [Physics thesis]({% link _posts/2024-03-06-physics-thesis.md %}) lay out the rules for graduating
- [Research proposal]({% link _posts/2024-04-11-research-proposal.md %})
- Braun was quite influential for me, this is the first time getting some hands on experience, filling in some blanks in the paper by Braun. 
- [DV_JDDE]({% link _posts/2024-10-02-dv_jdde.md %}) is me deriving a more general version of a Lemma I didn't end up needing in the end, since all eigenvalues are small. But for non-small eigenvalues, this is a more general version of Lemma 3.6 in "An Explicit Theory for Pulses in Two Component, Singularly Perturbed, Reaction–Diffusion Equations" by Arjen Doelman and Frits Veerman". The notation is terrible, but the math checks out I believe. The thing that's new is that it works for non-symmetric steady states, by choosing the integrals in a clever way. It's just a bit of extra work, nothing mind-blowing, but I liked doing it, and am sad there's no use for it in the thesis.
- [Grid based derivation]({% link _posts/2024-10-02-grid-based-derivation.md %}) is something I did to present my Thesis to the students in the course "Theory of Complex Systems". They had seen a lot of master equations, so I made a simple model that yields a version of the set of equations. 
- In [Een aantal combinaties]({% link _posts/2024-04-03-een-aantal-combinaties.md %}), I was desperate to find something that worked for interactions, I now know why it didn't work (perturbation in the slow regime doesn't match, we need "extra slow" coordinates), but I wrote a python script to enumerate all of the options of orders of perturbation I could think of. 
- [Erg cool]({% link _posts/2024-09-13-erg-cool.md %}) is the first time I think I got the right combination of terms to find the $$\epsilon^2$$ corrections properly. I was very happy. This is basically the combination of [Optellen]({% link _posts/2024-10-02-optellen.md %}) and [Oeehh ja werkt voor eerst]({% link _posts/2024-09-12-oeehh-ja-werkt-voor-eerst.md %}) and [Netjes order nu=2]({% link _posts/2024-09-13-netjes-order-nu=2.md %}). After the break, it clicked and I found a way to combine everything. 
- [Can stability integral have both signs?]({% link _posts/2024-10-03-can-stability-integral-have-both-signs?.md %}) is me constructing a reaction term that's unstable. 
If you have any questions, feel free to reach out!